Minor changes to instruction for authors (#4)
fetchai/FIPs: FIPs/fip-000.md

   3. Go to the [FIPs directory](https://github.com/fetchai/FIPs/tree/main/FIPs) and hit **Add file** then **Create new file**.
   4. In the **Name your file...** field, enter `fip-xxx.md` replacing `xxx` with the fip number you noted above.
   5. Under **<> Edit new file**, you can write the content of the FIP. Make sure it conforms with the [formatting guidelines](#formatting-and-template). To make it easier, you can copy and paste [this template](./fip-template.md) and make your edits. Ensure FIP’s `status` is `draft` and that you leave `Withdrawal-reason` empty.

>    6. Once finished, under **Commit new file**, write `creation` in the first field and leave the next field empty. Then ensure **Create a new branch for this commit...** is selected and in the field undernead, enter `fip-xxx` replacing `xxx` with the FIP’s number.

Author: ```suggestion
   6. Once finished, under **Commit new file**, write `creation` in the first field and leave the next field empty. Then ensure **Create a new branch for this commit...** is selected and in the field below it, enter `fip-xxx` replacing `xxx` with the FIP’s number.
```
